.codeclimate.yml 36ms
.eslintrc.cjs 79ms
.github/workflows/lint.yaml 15ms
.github/workflows/test.yaml 25ms
.github/workflows/volunteers.yaml 3ms
.mocharc.yml 2ms
.prettierrc 5ms
app.js 17ms
CHANGELOG.md 2220ms
commitlint.config.js 9ms
docker-compose.yml 4ms
Gruntfile.js 53ms
install/data/welcome.md 41ms
install/databases.js 14ms
install/web.js 52ms
loader.js 29ms
public/.eslintrc 2ms
public/language/ar/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 3ms
public/language/bg/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/bn/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/cs/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 11ms
public/language/da/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/de/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 3ms
public/language/el/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 3ms
public/language/en-GB/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 3ms
public/language/en-US/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/en-x-pirate/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 3ms
public/language/es/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/et/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 4ms
public/language/fa-IR/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/fi/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/fr/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/gl/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/he/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/hr/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/hu/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/hy/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/id/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/it/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/ja/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/ko/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/lt/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/lv/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 3ms
public/language/ms/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/nb/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/nl/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/pl/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/pt-BR/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/pt-PT/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/README.md 4ms
public/language/ro/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/ru/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/rw/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/sc/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 1ms
public/language/sk/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/sl/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/sq-AL/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/sr/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 3ms
public/language/sv/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 2ms
public/language/th/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 4ms
public/language/tr/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 3ms
public/language/uk/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 3ms
public/language/vi/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 3ms
public/language/zh-CN/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 3ms
public/language/zh-TW/_DO_NOT_EDIT_FILES_HERE.md 3ms
public/less/admin/admin.less 85ms
public/less/admin/advanced/database.less 2ms
public/less/admin/advanced/errors.less 3ms
public/less/admin/advanced/events.less 1ms
public/less/admin/advanced/hooks.less 1ms
public/less/admin/advanced/logs.less 2ms
public/less/admin/appearance/customise.less 3ms
public/less/admin/appearance/themes.less 10ms
public/less/admin/development/info.less 2ms
public/less/admin/extend/plugins.less 9ms
public/less/admin/extend/rewards.less 5ms
public/less/admin/extend/widgets.less 2ms
public/less/admin/general/dashboard.less 13ms
public/less/admin/general/navigation.less 4ms
public/less/admin/header.less 9ms
public/less/admin/manage/admins-mods.less 4ms
public/less/admin/manage/categories.less 7ms
public/less/admin/manage/groups.less 3ms
public/less/admin/manage/privileges.less 3ms
public/less/admin/manage/registration.less 2ms
public/less/admin/manage/tags.less 2ms
public/less/admin/manage/users.less 1ms
public/less/admin/mixins.less 2ms
public/less/admin/mobile.less 13ms
public/less/admin/modules/alerts.less 5ms
public/less/admin/modules/nprogress.less 6ms
public/less/admin/modules/search.less 3ms
public/less/admin/modules/selectable.less 2ms
public/less/admin/paper/bootswatch.less 34ms
public/less/admin/paper/variables.less 44ms
public/less/admin/settings.less 2ms
public/less/admin/vars.less 2ms
public/less/flags.less 3ms
public/less/generics.less 12ms
public/less/global.less 1ms
public/less/install.less 6ms
public/less/jquery-ui.less 1ms
public/less/mixins.less 4ms
public/less/modals.less 2ms
public/openapi/components/responses/400.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/components/responses/401.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/components/responses/403.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/components/responses/404.yaml 1ms
public/openapi/components/responses/426.yaml 1ms
public/openapi/components/responses/500.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/admin/dashboard.yaml 8ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/Breadcrumbs.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/CategoryObject.yaml 11ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/Chats.yaml 31ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/CommonProps.yaml 12ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/Error.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/FlagObject.yaml 26ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/GroupObject.yaml 24ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/Pagination.yaml 11ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/PostObject.yaml 20ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/PostsObject.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/SettingsObj.yaml 14ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/Status.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/TagObject.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/TopicObject.yaml 58ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/UserObj.yaml 21ms
public/openapi/components/schemas/UserObject.yaml 154ms
public/openapi/read.yaml 52ms
public/openapi/read/admin.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/advanced/cache.yaml 9ms
public/openapi/read/admin/advanced/cache/dump.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/advanced/database.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/admin/advanced/errors.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/advanced/errors/export.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/admin/advanced/events.yaml 7ms
public/openapi/read/admin/advanced/hooks.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/advanced/logs.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/admin/analytics.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/read/admin/appearance/term.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/admin/category/uploadpicture.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/dashboard.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/read/admin/dashboard/logins.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/read/admin/dashboard/searches.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/dashboard/topics.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/dashboard/users.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/development/info.yaml 15ms
public/openapi/read/admin/development/logger.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/admin/extend/plugins.yaml 17ms
public/openapi/read/admin/extend/rewards.yaml 7ms
public/openapi/read/admin/extend/widgets.yaml 9ms
public/openapi/read/admin/groups/groupname/csv.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/manage/admins-mods.yaml 9ms
public/openapi/read/admin/manage/categories.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/manage/categories/category_id.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/manage/categories/category_id/analytics.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/manage/digest.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/manage/groups.yaml 8ms
public/openapi/read/admin/manage/groups/name.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/manage/privileges/cid.yaml 10ms
public/openapi/read/admin/manage/registration.yaml 8ms
public/openapi/read/admin/manage/tags.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/admin/manage/uploads.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/read/admin/manage/users.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/settings/advanced.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/settings/email.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/settings/homepage.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/admin/settings/languages.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/settings/navigation.yaml 9ms
public/openapi/read/admin/settings/post.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/admin/settings/social.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/settings/term.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/settings/user.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/upload/file.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/uploadDefaultAvatar.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/uploadfavicon.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/read/admin/uploadlogo.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/uploadMaskableIcon.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/uploadOgImage.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/admin/uploadTouchIcon.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/admin/users/csv.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/career.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/categories.yaml 19ms
public/openapi/read/categories/cid/moderators.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/category/category_id.yaml 10ms
public/openapi/read/chats/roomid.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/config.yaml 12ms
public/openapi/read/confirm/code.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/email/unsubscribe/token.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/read/flags.yaml 7ms
public/openapi/read/flags/flagId.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/read/groups.yaml 8ms
public/openapi/read/groups/slug.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/read/groups/slug/members.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/index.yaml 17ms
public/openapi/read/ip-blacklist.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/login.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/read/me.yaml 1ms
public/openapi/read/notifications.yaml 9ms
public/openapi/read/outgoing.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/popular.yaml 10ms
public/openapi/read/post-queue.yaml 14ms
public/openapi/read/post/pid.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/post/upload.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/recent.yaml 9ms
public/openapi/read/recent/posts/term.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/register.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/read/register/complete.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/registration-queue.yaml 1ms
public/openapi/read/reset.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/reset/code.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/search.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/read/self.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/tags.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/tags/tag.yaml 27ms
public/openapi/read/top.yaml 11ms
public/openapi/read/topic/pagination/topic_id.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/topic/teaser/topic_id.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/topic/thumb/upload.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/topic/topic_id.yaml 34ms
public/openapi/read/tos.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/uid/uid.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/unread.yaml 19ms
public/openapi/read/unread/total.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/user/email/email.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/user/uid/uid.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/user/uid/userslug/export/type.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/user/username/username.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug.yaml 7ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/best.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/blocks.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/bookmarks.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/categories.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/chats/roomid.yaml 28ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/consent.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/controversial.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/downvoted.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/edit.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/edit/email.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/edit/password.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/edit/username.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/export/posts.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/export/profile.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/export/uploads.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/followers.yaml 7ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/following.yaml 12ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/groups.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/ignored.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/info.yaml 14ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/posts.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/session/uuid.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/sessions.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/settings.yaml 11ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/topics.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/uploads.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/upvoted.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/read/user/userslug/watched.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/read/users.yaml 9ms
public/openapi/write.yaml 20ms
public/openapi/write/admin/analytics.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/write/admin/analytics/set.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/admin/settings/setting.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/categories.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/write/categories/cid.yaml 8ms
public/openapi/write/categories/cid/moderator/uid.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/write/categories/cid/privileges.yaml 8ms
public/openapi/write/categories/cid/privileges/privilege.yaml 22ms
public/openapi/write/chats.yaml 16ms
public/openapi/write/chats/roomId.yaml 15ms
public/openapi/write/chats/roomId/messages.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/write/chats/roomId/messages/mid.yaml 12ms
public/openapi/write/chats/roomId/users.yaml 8ms
public/openapi/write/chats/roomId/users/uid.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/write/files.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/write/files/folder.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/flags.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/flags/flagId.yaml 8ms
public/openapi/write/flags/flagId/notes.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/flags/flagId/notes/datetime.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/groups.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/write/groups/slug.yaml 7ms
public/openapi/write/groups/slug/membership/uid.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/write/groups/slug/ownership/uid.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/write/login.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/write/ping.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/write/posts/pid.yaml 12ms
public/openapi/write/posts/pid/anon.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/write/posts/pid/bookmark.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/write/posts/pid/diffs.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/posts/pid/diffs/since.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/write/posts/pid/diffs/timestamp.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/posts/pid/endorse.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/write/posts/pid/move.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/write/posts/pid/state.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/posts/pid/vote.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/write/topics.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/write/topics/tid.yaml 9ms
public/openapi/write/topics/tid/events.yaml 7ms
public/openapi/write/topics/tid/events/eventId.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/write/topics/tid/follow.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/topics/tid/ignore.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/topics/tid/lock.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/topics/tid/pin.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/write/topics/tid/state.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/topics/tid/tags.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/write/topics/tid/thumbs.yaml 13ms
public/openapi/write/topics/tid/thumbs/order.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/users.yaml 6ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid.yaml 11ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/account.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/ban.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/content.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/emails.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/emails/email.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/emails/email/confirm.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/exports/type.yaml 8ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/follow.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/invites.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/invites/groups.yaml 2ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/mute.yaml 5ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/password.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/picture.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/sessions/uuid.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/settings.yaml 4ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/tokens.yaml 3ms
public/openapi/write/users/uid/tokens/token.yaml 3ms
public/src/admin/.eslintrc 2ms
public/src/admin/admin.js 22ms
public/src/admin/advanced/cache.js 3ms
public/src/admin/advanced/errors.js 9ms
public/src/admin/advanced/events.js 4ms
public/src/admin/advanced/logs.js 5ms
public/src/admin/appearance/customise.js 4ms
public/src/admin/appearance/skins.js 13ms
public/src/admin/appearance/themes.js 8ms
public/src/admin/dashboard.js 58ms
public/src/admin/dashboard/logins.js 2ms
public/src/admin/dashboard/topics.js 4ms
public/src/admin/dashboard/users.js 4ms
public/src/admin/extend/plugins.js 28ms
public/src/admin/extend/rewards.js 13ms
public/src/admin/extend/widgets.js 22ms
public/src/admin/manage/admins-mods.js 10ms
public/src/admin/manage/categories.js 24ms
public/src/admin/manage/category-analytics.js 21ms
public/src/admin/manage/category.js 47ms
public/src/admin/manage/digest.js 4ms
public/src/admin/manage/group.js 14ms
public/src/admin/manage/groups.js 9ms
public/src/admin/manage/privileges.js 43ms
public/src/admin/manage/registration.js 4ms
public/src/admin/manage/tags.js 8ms
public/src/admin/manage/uploads.js 3ms
public/src/admin/manage/users.js 31ms
public/src/admin/modules/checkboxRowSelector.js 4ms
public/src/admin/modules/colorpicker.js 2ms
public/src/admin/modules/dashboard-line-graph.js 16ms
public/src/admin/modules/instance.js 3ms
public/src/admin/modules/search.js 14ms
public/src/admin/modules/selectable.js 2ms
public/src/admin/settings.js 13ms
public/src/admin/settings/api.js 4ms
public/src/admin/settings/cookies.js 12ms
public/src/admin/settings/email.js 11ms
public/src/admin/settings/general.js 3ms
public/src/admin/settings/homepage.js 2ms
public/src/admin/settings/navigation.js 25ms
public/src/admin/settings/notifications.js 2ms
public/src/admin/settings/social.js 3ms
public/src/ajaxify.js 46ms
public/src/app.js 22ms
public/src/client.js 1ms
public/src/client/account/best.js 2ms
public/src/client/account/blocks.js 4ms
public/src/client/account/bookmarks.js 2ms
public/src/client/account/categories.js 6ms
public/src/client/account/consent.js 3ms
public/src/client/account/downvoted.js 1ms
public/src/client/account/edit.js 11ms
public/src/client/account/edit/password.js 7ms
public/src/client/account/edit/username.js 5ms
public/src/client/account/followers.js 3ms
public/src/client/account/following.js 2ms
public/src/client/account/groups.js 1ms
public/src/client/account/header.js 18ms
public/src/client/account/ignored.js 3ms
public/src/client/account/info.js 4ms
public/src/client/account/posts.js 6ms
public/src/client/account/profile.js 2ms
public/src/client/account/sessions.js 3ms
public/src/client/account/settings.js 10ms
public/src/client/account/topics.js 13ms
public/src/client/account/uploads.js 13ms
public/src/client/account/upvoted.js 2ms
public/src/client/account/watched.js 2ms
public/src/client/categories.js 5ms
public/src/client/category.js 11ms
public/src/client/category/tools.js 36ms
public/src/client/chats.js 46ms
public/src/client/chats/messages.js 24ms
public/src/client/chats/recent.js 5ms
public/src/client/chats/search.js 9ms
public/src/client/compose.js 2ms
public/src/client/flags/detail.js 13ms
public/src/client/flags/list.js 17ms
public/src/client/groups/details.js 19ms
public/src/client/groups/list.js 6ms
public/src/client/groups/memberlist.js 9ms
public/src/client/header.js 4ms
public/src/client/header/chat.js 4ms
public/src/client/header/notifications.js 4ms
public/src/client/header/unread.js 7ms
public/src/client/infinitescroll.js 6ms
public/src/client/ip-blacklist.js 6ms
public/src/client/login.js 7ms
public/src/client/notifications.js 2ms
public/src/client/pagination.js 3ms
public/src/client/popular.js 2ms
public/src/client/post-queue.js 17ms
public/src/client/recent.js 2ms
public/src/client/register.js 10ms
public/src/client/reset_code.js 4ms
public/src/client/reset.js 3ms
public/src/client/search.js 9ms
public/src/client/tag.js 1ms
public/src/client/tags.js 4ms
public/src/client/top.js 1ms
public/src/client/topic.js 21ms
public/src/client/topic/change-owner.js 5ms
public/src/client/topic/delete-posts.js 6ms
public/src/client/topic/diffs.js 8ms
public/src/client/topic/events.js 17ms
public/src/client/topic/fork.js 6ms
public/src/client/topic/images.js 3ms
public/src/client/topic/merge.js 7ms
public/src/client/topic/move-post.js 8ms
public/src/client/topic/move.js 5ms
public/src/client/topic/posts.js 39ms
public/src/client/topic/postTools.js 35ms
public/src/client/topic/replies.js 7ms
public/src/client/topic/threadTools.js 23ms
public/src/client/topic/votes.js 6ms
public/src/client/unread.js 5ms
public/src/client/users.js 5ms
public/src/installer/install.js 8ms
public/src/modules/accounts/delete.js 2ms
public/src/modules/accounts/invite.js 4ms
public/src/modules/accounts/picture.js 12ms
public/src/modules/ace-editor.js 4ms
public/src/modules/alerts.js 9ms
public/src/modules/api.js 6ms
public/src/modules/autocomplete.js 7ms
public/src/modules/categoryFilter.js 6ms
public/src/modules/categorySearch.js 7ms
public/src/modules/categorySelector.js 6ms
public/src/modules/chat.js 28ms
public/src/modules/components.js 4ms
public/src/modules/coverPhoto.js 4ms
public/src/modules/flags.js 6ms
public/src/modules/groupSearch.js 4ms
public/src/modules/handleBack.js 5ms
public/src/modules/helpers.common.js 31ms
public/src/modules/helpers.js 2ms
public/src/modules/hooks.js 12ms
public/src/modules/iconSelect.js 8ms
public/src/modules/logout.js 3ms
public/src/modules/messages.js 8ms
public/src/modules/navigator.js 40ms
public/src/modules/notifications.js 8ms
public/src/modules/pictureCropper.js 14ms
public/src/modules/postSelect.js 3ms
public/src/modules/scrollStop.js 3ms
public/src/modules/search.js 21ms
public/src/modules/settings.js 35ms
public/src/modules/settings/array.js 7ms
public/src/modules/settings/checkbox.js 3ms
public/src/modules/settings/key.js 11ms
public/src/modules/settings/number.js 1ms
public/src/modules/settings/object.js 9ms
public/src/modules/settings/select.js 4ms
public/src/modules/settings/sorted-list.js 14ms
public/src/modules/settings/textarea.js 2ms
public/src/modules/share.js 4ms
public/src/modules/slugify.js 4ms
public/src/modules/sort.js 4ms
public/src/modules/storage.js 4ms
public/src/modules/taskbar.js 12ms
public/src/modules/topicList.js 18ms
public/src/modules/topicSelect.js 6ms
public/src/modules/topicThumbs.js 12ms
public/src/modules/translator.common.js 36ms
public/src/modules/translator.js 3ms
public/src/modules/uploader.js 8ms
public/src/modules/uploadHelpers.js 11ms
public/src/overrides.js 10ms
public/src/service-worker.js 2ms
public/src/sockets.js 12ms
public/src/utils.common.js 46ms
public/src/utils.js 6ms
public/src/widgets.js 6ms
public/vendor/bootbox/wrapper.js 3ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/attribution.js 2ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_animated.less 2ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_bordered-pulled.less 3ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_core.less 2ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_fixed-width.less 1ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_icons.less 398ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_larger.less 13ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_list.less 2ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_mixins.less 3ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_rotated-flipped.less 3ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_screen-reader.less 1ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_shims.less 156ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_stacked.less 2ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/_variables.less 106ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/brands.less 4ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/fontawesome.less 2ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/nodebb-shims.less 29ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/regular.less 2ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/solid.less 3ms
public/vendor/fontawesome/less/v4-shims.less 1ms
public/vendor/jquery/draggable-background/backgroundDraggable.js 12ms
public/vendor/mdl/material.css 573ms
README.md 34ms
require-main.js 2ms
src/admin/search.js 12ms
src/admin/versions.js 3ms
src/als.js 1ms
src/analytics.js 21ms
src/api/categories.js 8ms
src/api/chats.js 13ms
src/api/flags.js 5ms
src/api/groups.js 12ms
src/api/helpers.js 10ms
src/api/index.js 1ms
src/api/posts.js 32ms
src/api/topics.js 12ms
src/api/users.js 50ms
src/batch.js 6ms
src/cache.js 2ms
src/cache/lru.js 9ms
src/cache/ttl.js 7ms
src/cacheCreate.js 1ms
src/categories/activeusers.js 2ms
src/categories/create.js 23ms
src/categories/data.js 6ms
src/categories/delete.js 7ms
src/categories/index.js 41ms
src/categories/recentreplies.js 17ms
src/categories/search.js 6ms
src/categories/topics.js 18ms
src/categories/unread.js 3ms
src/categories/update.js 11ms
src/categories/watch.js 6ms
src/cli/colors.js 21ms
src/cli/index.js 34ms
src/cli/manage.js 24ms
src/cli/package-install.js 13ms
src/cli/reset.js 8ms
src/cli/running.js 8ms
src/cli/setup.js 4ms
src/cli/upgrade-plugins.js 12ms
src/cli/upgrade.js 6ms
src/cli/user.js 17ms
src/constants.js 2ms
src/controllers/404.js 5ms
src/controllers/accounts.js 3ms
src/controllers/accounts/blocks.js 5ms
src/controllers/accounts/categories.js 7ms
src/controllers/accounts/chats.js 7ms
src/controllers/accounts/consent.js 2ms
src/controllers/accounts/edit.js 18ms
src/controllers/accounts/follow.js 8ms
src/controllers/accounts/groups.js 4ms
src/controllers/accounts/helpers.js 32ms
src/controllers/accounts/info.js 11ms
src/controllers/accounts/notifications.js 13ms
src/controllers/accounts/posts.js 39ms
src/controllers/accounts/profile.js 34ms
src/controllers/accounts/sessions.js 4ms
src/controllers/accounts/settings.js 25ms
src/controllers/accounts/uploads.js 8ms
src/controllers/admin.js 3ms
src/controllers/admin/admins-mods.js 6ms
src/controllers/admin/appearance.js 2ms
src/controllers/admin/cache.js 6ms
src/controllers/admin/categories.js 17ms
src/controllers/admin/dashboard.js 92ms
src/controllers/admin/database.js 3ms
src/controllers/admin/digest.js 9ms
src/controllers/admin/errors.js 12ms
src/controllers/admin/events.js 11ms
src/controllers/admin/groups.js 12ms
src/controllers/admin/hooks.js 5ms
src/controllers/admin/info.js 20ms
src/controllers/admin/logger.js 3ms
src/controllers/admin/logs.js 6ms
src/controllers/admin/plugins.js 49ms
src/controllers/admin/privileges.js 15ms
src/controllers/admin/rewards.js 10ms
src/controllers/admin/settings.js 87ms
src/controllers/admin/tags.js 9ms
src/controllers/admin/themes.js 6ms
src/controllers/admin/uploads.js 62ms
src/controllers/admin/users.js 56ms
src/controllers/admin/widgets.js 2ms
src/controllers/api.js 41ms
src/controllers/authentication.js 95ms
src/controllers/career.js 2ms
src/controllers/categories.js 9ms
src/controllers/category.js 29ms
src/controllers/composer_original.js 14ms
src/controllers/composer.js 12ms
src/controllers/composer.ts 281ms
src/controllers/errors.js 10ms
src/controllers/globalmods.js 2ms
src/controllers/groups.js 9ms
src/controllers/helpers.js 51ms
src/controllers/home.js 8ms
src/controllers/index.js 74ms
src/controllers/mods.js 62ms
src/controllers/osd.js 6ms
src/controllers/ping.js 12ms
src/controllers/popular.js 14ms
src/controllers/posts.js 5ms
src/controllers/recent.js 24ms
src/controllers/search.js 36ms
src/controllers/sitemap.js 4ms
src/controllers/tags.js 30ms
src/controllers/top.js 6ms
src/controllers/topics.js 82ms
src/controllers/unread.js 12ms
src/controllers/uploads.js 25ms
src/controllers/user.js 7ms
src/controllers/users.js 15ms
src/controllers/write/admin.js 6ms
src/controllers/write/categories.js 6ms
src/controllers/write/chats.js 9ms
src/controllers/write/files.js 2ms
src/controllers/write/flags.js 7ms
src/controllers/write/groups.js 4ms
src/controllers/write/index.js 3ms
src/controllers/write/posts.js 11ms
src/controllers/write/topics.js 17ms
src/controllers/write/users.js 48ms
src/controllers/write/utilities.js 3ms
src/coverPhoto.js 3ms
src/database/cache.js 2ms
src/database/helpers.js 6ms
src/database/index.js 9ms
src/database/mongo.js 27ms
src/database/mongo/connection.js 13ms
src/database/mongo/hash.js 47ms
src/database/mongo/helpers.js 10ms
src/database/mongo/list.js 20ms
src/database/mongo/main.js 17ms
src/database/mongo/sets.js 36ms
src/database/mongo/sorted.js 93ms
src/database/mongo/sorted/add.js 21ms
src/database/mongo/sorted/intersect.js 42ms
src/database/mongo/sorted/remove.js 7ms
src/database/mongo/sorted/union.js 11ms
src/database/mongo/transaction.js 2ms
src/database/postgres.js 16ms
src/database/postgres/connection.js 8ms
src/database/postgres/hash.js 41ms
src/database/postgres/helpers.js 7ms
src/database/postgres/list.js 12ms
src/database/postgres/main.js 28ms
src/database/postgres/sets.js 29ms
src/database/postgres/sorted.js 66ms
src/database/postgres/sorted/add.js 16ms
src/database/postgres/sorted/intersect.js 11ms
src/database/postgres/sorted/remove.js 7ms
src/database/postgres/sorted/union.js 16ms
src/database/postgres/transaction.js 4ms
src/database/redis.js 32ms
src/database/redis/connection.js 6ms
src/database/redis/hash.js 38ms
src/database/redis/helpers.js 9ms
src/database/redis/list.js 11ms
src/database/redis/main.js 14ms
src/database/redis/pubsub.js 5ms
src/database/redis/sets.js 8ms
src/database/redis/sorted.js 38ms
src/database/redis/sorted/add.js 9ms
src/database/redis/sorted/intersect.js 9ms
src/database/redis/sorted/remove.js 13ms
src/database/redis/sorted/union.js 10ms
src/database/redis/transaction.js 2ms
src/emailer.js 50ms
src/events.js 23ms
src/file.js 25ms
src/flags.js 242ms
src/groups/cache.js 3ms
src/groups/cover.js 28ms
src/groups/create.js 19ms
src/groups/data.js 31ms
src/groups/delete.js 8ms
src/groups/index.js 62ms
src/groups/invite.js 21ms
src/groups/join.js 12ms
src/groups/leave.js 13ms
src/groups/membership.js 28ms
src/groups/ownership.js 6ms
src/groups/posts.js 15ms
src/groups/search.js 12ms
src/groups/update.js 89ms
src/groups/user.js 33ms
src/helpers.js 12ms
src/image.js 41ms
src/install.js 86ms
src/languages.js 12ms
src/logger.js 45ms
src/messaging/create.js 31ms
src/messaging/data.js 42ms
src/messaging/delete.js 9ms
src/messaging/edit.js 17ms
src/messaging/index.js 75ms
src/messaging/notifications.js 23ms
src/messaging/rooms.js 59ms
src/messaging/unread.js 9ms
src/meta/aliases.js 6ms
src/meta/blacklist.js 43ms
src/meta/build.js 46ms
src/meta/cacheBuster.js 8ms
src/meta/configs.js 44ms
src/meta/css.js 26ms
src/meta/debugFork.js 16ms
src/meta/dependencies.js 9ms
src/meta/errors.js 7ms
src/meta/index.js 10ms
src/meta/js.js 27ms
src/meta/languages.js 25ms
src/meta/logs.js 12ms
src/meta/minifier.js 51ms
src/meta/settings.js 33ms
src/meta/tags.js 43ms
src/meta/templates.js 40ms
src/meta/themes.js 23ms
src/middleware/admin.js 19ms
src/middleware/assert.js 12ms
src/middleware/expose.js 9ms
src/middleware/header.js 32ms
src/middleware/headers.js 17ms
src/middleware/helpers.js 9ms
src/middleware/index.js 22ms
src/middleware/maintenance.js 4ms
src/middleware/ratelimit.js 2ms
src/middleware/render.js 11ms
src/middleware/uploads.js 4ms
src/middleware/user.js 18ms
src/navigation/admin.js 9ms
src/navigation/index.js 3ms
src/notifications.js 41ms
src/pagination.js 14ms
src/password.js 11ms
src/plugins/data.js 18ms
src/plugins/hooks.js 14ms
src/plugins/index.js 26ms
src/plugins/install.js 11ms
src/plugins/load.js 9ms
src/plugins/usage.js 4ms
src/posts/anon.js 7ms
src/posts/bookmarks.js 5ms
src/posts/cache.js 2ms
src/posts/category.js 5ms
src/posts/create.js 8ms
src/posts/data.js 5ms
src/posts/delete.js 40ms
src/posts/diffs.js 18ms
src/posts/edit.js 14ms
src/posts/endorse.js 5ms
src/posts/index.js 7ms
src/posts/parse.js 10ms
src/posts/queue.js 28ms
src/posts/recent.js 2ms
src/posts/summary.js 13ms
src/posts/tools.js 3ms
src/posts/topics.js 5ms
src/posts/uploads.js 25ms
src/posts/user.js 26ms
src/posts/votes.js 51ms
src/prestart.js 13ms
src/privileges/admin.js 18ms
src/privileges/categories.js 25ms
src/privileges/global.js 10ms
src/privileges/helpers.js 17ms
src/privileges/index.js 2ms
src/privileges/posts.js 38ms
src/privileges/topics.js 18ms
src/privileges/users.js 11ms
src/promisify.js 4ms
src/pubsub.js 3ms
src/rewards/admin.js 6ms
src/rewards/index.js 5ms
src/routes/admin.js 8ms
src/routes/api.js 5ms
src/routes/authentication.js 8ms
src/routes/debug.js 4ms
src/routes/feeds.js 28ms
src/routes/helpers.js 6ms
src/routes/index.js 18ms
src/routes/meta.js 3ms
src/routes/user.js 7ms
src/routes/write/admin.js 1ms
src/routes/write/categories.js 3ms
src/routes/write/chats.js 5ms
src/routes/write/files.js 3ms
src/routes/write/flags.js 2ms
src/routes/write/groups.js 2ms
src/routes/write/index.js 8ms
src/routes/write/posts.js 7ms
src/routes/write/topics.js 5ms
src/routes/write/users.js 8ms
src/routes/write/utilities.js 2ms
src/search.js 23ms
src/settings.js 12ms
src/sitemap.js 8ms
src/slugify.js 1ms
src/social_original.js 3ms
src/social.js 7ms
src/social.ts 16ms
src/socket.io/admin.js 6ms
src/socket.io/admin/analytics.js 4ms
src/socket.io/admin/cache.js 2ms
src/socket.io/admin/categories.js 6ms
src/socket.io/admin/config.js 3ms
src/socket.io/admin/digest.js 2ms
src/socket.io/admin/email.js 5ms
src/socket.io/admin/errors.js 1ms
src/socket.io/admin/logs.js 6ms
src/socket.io/admin/navigation.js 3ms
src/socket.io/admin/plugins.js 13ms
src/socket.io/admin/rewards.js 2ms
src/socket.io/admin/rooms.js 16ms
src/socket.io/admin/settings.js 5ms
src/socket.io/admin/social.js 1ms
src/socket.io/admin/tags.js 3ms
src/socket.io/admin/themes.js 1ms
src/socket.io/admin/user.js 14ms
src/socket.io/admin/widgets.js 2ms
src/socket.io/blacklist.js 2ms
src/socket.io/categories.js 13ms
src/socket.io/categories/search.js 9ms
src/socket.io/groups.js 20ms
src/socket.io/helpers.js 27ms
src/socket.io/index.js 34ms
src/socket.io/meta.js 9ms
src/socket.io/modules.js 18ms
src/socket.io/notifications.js 5ms
src/socket.io/plugins.js 4ms
src/socket.io/posts.js 20ms
src/socket.io/posts/tools.js 15ms
src/socket.io/posts/votes.js 7ms
src/socket.io/topics.js 13ms
src/socket.io/topics/infinitescroll.js 11ms
src/socket.io/topics/merge.js 6ms
src/socket.io/topics/move.js 10ms
src/socket.io/topics/tags.js 24ms
src/socket.io/topics/tools.js 5ms
src/socket.io/topics/unread.js 23ms
src/socket.io/uploads.js 14ms
src/socket.io/user.js 26ms
src/socket.io/user/picture.js 9ms
src/socket.io/user/profile.js 12ms
src/socket.io/user/registration.js 4ms
src/socket.io/user/status.js 5ms
src/start.js 17ms
src/topics/archive.js 1ms
src/topics/bookmarks.js 11ms
src/topics/create.js 45ms
src/topics/data.js 24ms
src/topics/delete.js 13ms
src/topics/events.js 19ms
src/topics/follow.js 11ms
src/topics/fork.js 11ms
src/topics/index.js 25ms
src/topics/merge.js 6ms
src/topics/posts.js 67ms
src/topics/recent.js 6ms
src/topics/scheduled.js 13ms
src/topics/sorted.js 16ms
src/topics/suggested.js 11ms
src/topics/tags.js 49ms
src/topics/teaser.js 12ms
src/topics/thumbs.js 14ms
src/topics/tools.js 20ms
src/topics/unread.js 37ms
src/topics/user.js 2ms
src/translator.js 2ms
src/types/admin.js 1ms
src/types/admin.ts 3ms
src/types/breadcrumbs.js 1ms
src/types/breadcrumbs.ts 4ms
src/types/category.js 1ms
src/types/category.ts 3ms
src/types/chat.js 2ms
src/types/chat.ts 4ms
src/types/commonProps.js 1ms
src/types/commonProps.ts 6ms
src/types/error.js 1ms
src/types/error.ts 2ms
src/types/flag.js 1ms
src/types/flag.ts 6ms
src/types/group.js 1ms
src/types/group.ts 6ms
src/types/index.js 4ms
src/types/index.ts 3ms
src/types/pagination.js 1ms
src/types/pagination.ts 3ms
src/types/post.js 1ms
src/types/post.ts 3ms
src/types/settings.js 1ms
src/types/settings.ts 4ms
src/types/social.js 1ms
src/types/social.ts 3ms
src/types/status.js 1ms
src/types/status.ts 2ms
src/types/tag.js 1ms
src/types/tag.ts 2ms
src/types/topic.js 2ms
src/types/topic.ts 8ms
src/types/user.js 1ms
src/types/user.ts 14ms
src/upgrade.js 15ms
src/upgrades/1.0.0/chat_room_hashes.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.0.0/chat_upgrade.js 6ms
src/upgrades/1.0.0/global_moderators.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.0.0/social_post_sharing.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.0.0/theme_to_active_plugins.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.0.0/user_best_posts.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.0.0/users_notvalidated.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.1.0/assign_topic_read_privilege.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.1.0/dismiss_flags_from_deleted_topics.js 6ms
src/upgrades/1.1.0/group_title_update.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.1.0/separate_upvote_downvote.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.1.0/user_post_count_per_tid.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.1.1/remove_negative_best_posts.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.1.1/upload_privileges.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.10.0/hash_recent_ip_addresses.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.10.0/post_history_privilege.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.10.0/search_privileges.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.10.0/view_deleted_privilege.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.10.2/event_filters.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.10.2/fix_category_post_zsets.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.10.2/fix_category_topic_zsets.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.10.2/local_login_privileges.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.10.2/postgres_sessions.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.10.2/upgrade_bans_to_hashes.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.10.2/username_email_history.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.11.0/navigation_visibility_groups.js 5ms
src/upgrades/1.11.0/resize_image_width.js 1ms
src/upgrades/1.11.0/widget_visibility_groups.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.11.1/remove_ignored_cids_per_user.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.12.0/category_watch_state.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.12.0/global_view_privileges.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.12.0/group_create_privilege.js 1ms
src/upgrades/1.12.1/clear_username_email_history.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.12.1/moderation_notes_refactor.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.12.1/post_upload_sizes.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.12.3/disable_plugin_metrics.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.12.3/give_mod_info_privilege.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.12.3/give_mod_privileges.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.12.3/update_registration_type.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.12.3/user_pid_sets.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.13.0/clean_flag_byCid.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.13.0/clean_post_topic_hash.js 9ms
src/upgrades/1.13.0/cleanup_old_notifications.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.13.3/fix_users_sorted_sets.js 5ms
src/upgrades/1.13.4/remove_allowFileUploads_priv.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.14.0/fix_category_image_field.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.14.0/unescape_navigation_titles.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.14.1/readd_deleted_recent_topics.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.15.0/add_target_uid_to_flags.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.15.0/consolidate_flags.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.15.0/disable_sounds_plugin.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.15.0/fix_category_colors.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.15.0/fullname_search_set.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.15.0/remove_allow_from_uri.js 1ms
src/upgrades/1.15.0/remove_flag_reporters_zset.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.15.0/topic_poster_count.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.15.0/track_flags_by_target.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.15.0/verified_users_group.js 7ms
src/upgrades/1.15.4/clear_purged_replies.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.16.0/category_tags.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.16.0/migrate_thumbs.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.17.0/banned_users_group.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.17.0/category_name_zset.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.17.0/default_favicon.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.17.0/schedule_privilege_for_existing_categories.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.17.0/subcategories_per_page.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.17.0/topic_thumb_count.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.18.0/enable_include_unverified_emails.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.18.0/topic_tags_refactor.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.18.4/category_topics_views.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.19.0/navigation-enabled-hashes.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.19.0/reenable-username-login.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.19.2/remove_leftover_thumbs_after_topic_purge.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.19.2/store_downvoted_posts_in_zset.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.19.3/fix_user_uploads_zset.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.19.3/rename_post_upload_hashes.js 6ms
src/upgrades/1.2.0/category_recent_tids.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.2.0/edit_delete_deletetopic_privileges.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.3.0/favourites_to_bookmarks.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.3.0/sorted_sets_for_post_replies.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.4.0/global_and_user_language_keys.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.4.0/sorted_set_for_pinned_topics.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.4.4/config_urls_update.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.4.4/sound_settings.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.4.6/delete_sessions.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.5.0/allowed_file_extensions.js 1ms
src/upgrades/1.5.0/flags_refactor.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.5.0/moderation_history_refactor.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.5.0/post_votes_zset.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.5.0/remove_relative_uploaded_profile_cover.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.5.1/rename_mods_group.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.5.2/rss_token_wipe.js 1ms
src/upgrades/1.5.2/tags_privilege.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.6.0/clear-stale-digest-template.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.6.0/generate-email-logo.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.6.0/ipblacklist-fix.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.6.0/robots-config-change.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.6.2/topics_lastposttime_zset.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.7.0/generate-custom-html.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.7.1/notification-settings.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.7.3/key_value_schema_change.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.7.3/topic_votes.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.7.4/chat_privilege.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.7.4/fix_moved_topics_byvotes.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.7.4/fix_user_topics_per_category.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.7.4/global_upload_privilege.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.7.4/rename_min_reputation_settings.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.7.4/vote_privilege.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.7.6/flatten_navigation_data.js 2ms
src/upgrades/1.7.6/notification_types.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.7.6/update_min_pass_strength.js 1ms
src/upgrades/1.8.0/give_signature_privileges.js 1ms
src/upgrades/1.8.0/give_spiders_privileges.js 3ms
src/upgrades/1.8.1/diffs_zset_to_listhash.js 4ms
src/upgrades/1.9.0/refresh_post_upload_associations.js 3ms
src/user/admin.js 8ms
src/user/approval.js 17ms
src/user/auth.js 35ms
src/user/bans.js 13ms
src/user/blocks.js 13ms
src/user/categories.js 5ms
src/user/create.js 10ms
src/user/data.js 24ms
src/user/delete.js 13ms
src/user/digest.js 22ms
src/user/email.js 12ms
src/user/follow.js 4ms
src/user/index.js 14ms
src/user/info.js 13ms
src/user/interstitials.js 10ms
src/user/invite.js 11ms
src/user/jobs.js 5ms
src/user/jobs/export-posts.js 4ms
src/user/jobs/export-profile.js 8ms
src/user/jobs/export-uploads.js 6ms
src/user/notifications.js 13ms
src/user/online.js 3ms
src/user/password.js 2ms
src/user/picture.js 11ms
src/user/posts.js 8ms
src/user/profile.js 19ms
src/user/reset.js 8ms
src/user/search.js 9ms
src/user/settings.js 15ms
src/user/topics.js 1ms
src/user/uploads.js 7ms
src/utils.js 3ms
src/webserver.js 17ms
src/widgets/admin.js 5ms
src/widgets/index.js 15ms
test/.eslintrc 1ms
test/api.js 42ms
test/authentication.js 43ms
test/batch.js 4ms
test/blacklist.js 4ms
test/build.js 12ms
test/categories.js 51ms
test/controllers-admin.js 72ms
test/controllers.js 212ms
test/coverPhoto.js 2ms
test/database.js 3ms
test/database/hash.js 47ms
test/database/keys.js 20ms
test/database/list.js 13ms
test/database/sets.js 17ms
test/database/sorted.js 108ms
test/defer-logger.js 6ms
test/emailer.js 13ms
test/feeds.js 15ms
test/file.js 7ms
test/files/1.css 10ms
test/files/1.js 1ms
test/files/2.js 1ms
test/files/2.less 1ms
test/flags.js 67ms
test/groups.js 95ms
test/helpers/index.js 11ms
test/i18n.js 8ms
test/image.js 3ms
test/locale-detect.js 3ms
test/messaging.js 69ms
test/meta.js 30ms
test/middleware.js 14ms
test/mocks/databasemock.js 14ms
test/notifications.js 27ms
test/package-install.js 7ms
test/pagination.js 3ms
test/password.js 4ms
test/plugins-installed.js 2ms
test/plugins.js 32ms
test/posts.js 87ms
test/posts/uploads.js 25ms
test/pubsub.js 3ms
test/rewards.js 5ms
test/search-admin.js 5ms
test/search.js 13ms
test/settings.js 4ms
test/socket.io.js 50ms
test/template-helpers.js 11ms
test/topics.js 193ms
test/topics/events.js 6ms
test/topics/thumbs.js 24ms
test/translator.js 20ms
test/upgrade.js 2ms
test/uploads.js 43ms
test/user.js 228ms
test/user/emails.js 12ms
test/user/uploads.js 9ms
test/utils.js 21ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/account.less 24ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap-flipped.css 90ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/alerts.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/badges.less 4ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/bootstrap.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/breadcrumbs.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/button-groups.less 15ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/buttons.less 8ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/carousel.less 13ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/close.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/code.less 5ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/component-animations.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/dropdowns.less 9ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/forms.less 26ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/glyphicons.less 52ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/grid.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/input-groups.less 8ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/jumbotron.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/labels.less 5ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/list-group.less 5ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/media.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/alerts.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/background-variant.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/border-radius.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/buttons.less 4ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/center-block.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/clearfix.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/forms.less 4ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/gradients.less 8ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/grid-framework.less 6ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/grid.less 9ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/hide-text.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/image.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/labels.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/list-group.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/nav-divider.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/nav-vertical-align.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/opacity.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/pagination.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/panels.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/progress-bar.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/reset-filter.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/resize.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/responsive-visibility.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/size.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/tab-focus.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/table-row.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/text-emphasis.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/text-overflow.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/mixins/vendor-prefixes.less 12ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/modals.less 7ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/navbar.less 28ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/navs.less 12ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/normalize.less 11ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/pager.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/pagination.less 4ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/panels.less 21ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/popovers.less 8ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/print.less 4ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/progress-bars.less 5ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/responsive-embed.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/responsive-utilities.less 6ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/scaffolding.less 6ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/tables.less 8ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/theme.less 15ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/thumbnails.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/tooltip.less 7ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/type.less 14ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/utilities.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/variables.less 48ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/bootstrap/wells.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/career.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/categories.less 17ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/category.less 10ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/chats.less 23ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/flags.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/footer.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/groups.less 9ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/header.less 20ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/helpers.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/ip-blacklist.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/keyframes.less 8ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/mixins.less 10ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/mobile.less 14ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/modules/alerts.less 4ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/modules/bottom-sheet.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/modules/composer-default.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/modules/cookie-consent.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/modules/fab.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/modules/morph.less 15ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/modules/necro-post.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/modules/nprogress.less 5ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/modules/taskbar.less 7ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/modules/usercard.less 4ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/noscript.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/notifications.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/outgoing.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/persona.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/post-queue.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/posts_list.less 7ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/register.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/rtl.less 6ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/search.less 5ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/style.less 20ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/tags.less 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/topic.less 28ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/topics_list.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/users.less 3ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/less/variables.less 1ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/lib/controllers.js 4ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/library.js 5ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/public/admin.js 2ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/public/modules/autohidingnavbar.js 8ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/public/modules/quickreply.js 5ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/public/persona.js 28ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/public/settings.js 4ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/README.md 4ms
themes/nodebb-theme-persona/theme.less 1ms
UserGuide.md 4ms
webpack.common.js 6ms
webpack.dev.js 2ms
webpack.installer.js 2ms
webpack.prod.js 2ms
